Updating read-only licenses (#7088)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/manage-access/cloud-seats-and-users.md

In dbt Cloud, _licenses_ are used to allocate users to your account. There are three different types of licenses in dbt Cloud:

- **Developer** &mdash; Granted access to the Deployment and [Development](/docs/cloud/dbt-cloud-ide/develop-in-the-cloud) functionality in dbt Cloud.

> - **Read-Only** &mdash; Intended to view the [artifacts](/docs/deploy/artifacts) created in a dbt Cloud account. Read-Only users can receive job notifications but not configure them. _Read-only licenced users do not inherit rights from any permisson sets_. Every read-only access across the account regardless of the group permissions assigned.

Reviewer: Same as above

> - **Read-Only** &mdash; Intended to view the [artifacts](/docs/deploy/artifacts) created in a dbt Cloud account. Read-Only users can receive job notifications but not configure them. _Read-only licenced users do not inherit rights from any permisson sets_. Every read-only access across the account regardless of the group permissions assigned.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Read-Only** &mdash; Intended to view the [artifacts](/docs/deploy/artifacts) created in a dbt Cloud account. Read-only users can receive job notifications but not configure them. _Read-only licensed users do not inherit rights from any permission sets_. Every read-only licensed user has the same access across the account, regardless of the group permissions assigned.
```
